Added README for ONNX Frontend (#13325)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/frontends/onnx/docs/architecture.md

# ONNX Frontend architecture

> On the class diagram below is shown structure and relations between basic classes of ONNX Frontend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The class diagram below shows the structure and relations between the basic classes of ONNX Frontend:
```
